Please give a big round of applause to director Neil Berkeley, Dan Harmon, Spencer Crittenden,
all the fine folks who made that movie, and your guest comptroller for Harmontown Tonight
is Kumail Nanjiani here. Where's Kumail? There he is. Dan, Dan, et cetera. There's our
boy. All right. Yeah, we're kind of making the format up as we go. Oh, okay. So should
I do the thing? I don't know. You could Q&A for a second. Are we recording for the podcast?
Yes. Are we recording? Should I? Well, then I'm going to get the hell out of here. Do
you want the Q&A to be part of, we could do it as part of the podcast. Do we do Q&A and
then do the podcast? It's called Harmontown. I'm just worried that they watch a two-hour
movie and then they're going to sit through the Q&A. We could do the Q&A as part of the
podcast. Okay, let's do that. All right. So I'm going to introduce you. Pretend he's
not here because the fuckers at home don't have visuals. And then he's going to walk
out when I introduce him. Imagine me having really long, live legs. Yeah, he looks beautiful.
Hey, everyone. Harmontown is now in session. Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmon
Town, Dan Harmon. Oh, God. Oh, Los Angeles. Oh, God. I can't believe I found you here.
Wow, you got up here pretty quickly. Thank you. Guest Comptroller Kumail Nanjiani, everybody.
Nice back for Silicon Valley. He's not back. You're taking a break, right? Are you halfway
through shooting? No, no, no. We're going to start shooting season two soon. We haven't
started yet. We started. Oh, you haven't started yet? Mm-mm. We've been kind of just
fucking around. Yeah. I don't know what they're doing. I think writing or something. We changed
the words when we Sam. That's a lie. They're amazing. Harmontown fans will agree with
me that I missed you so much. Oh, yeah, I've been gone a long time. The podcast people.
Yeah. He's not in the movie, but the podcast itself really languishes in your absence.
Oh, I'm sure that's not true, but I appreciate you saying that. Yeah, I really missed doing
it. Every Sunday, I would be like, oh, right now, Harmontown is happening, and I'm alone
in a horrible hotel room. So you think about me? I think about the show. I don't think
about me. I mean, I think of the show as a whole as an entity separate from you. You're
in your bed next to your wife. My wife wasn't with me when I was, but... That's all the
better. I think of Harmon. I think of Jeff. I think of Spencer. Don't think about Jeff.
Think about me. So we just watched this document. I'd never seen it before. Oh, yeah, we watched
the documentary. Oh, did you really? That's the first time. Yeah, I thought it was awesome.
It's really funny. Yeah, we're here in LA for you podcast listeners. We're at the Vista
Theater in Los Feliz. And we just watched the Harmontown documentary, which is why
my self-loathing is being really... They watched a two-hour movie about this shit. Now they're
sitting here. We didn't have a bathroom break. I'm really self-conscious right now. I don't
know what to do. I think people are going to get up and slowly file out. I wouldn't blame
them if they did. Well, no, no, no. They love the movie. And we're going to... No, I know
they did. Let's do a Q&A. I know they did. But they have families. They have lives. They
don't have families. Did you watch your movie? This is the family. So we were asking in Seattle
what we did is we showed the movie, then we did a Q&A, then we did the podcast. Seattle
was awesome, by the way, for our friends in Seattle. You were amazing. Dino guest-controlled.
He dropped the N-bomb right at the end of the show, just because he happened. By the
way, that's a great time to drop it. It's towards the end. But I thought the remarkable
cultural revolution that happened in Seattle is Dino did that. And the Seattle audience
kind of just went... Black, white. They didn't care. They were like, I'm not going to let
that hijack everything. Well, they'd seen a two-hour documentary and then a whole show
and a Q&A. They had to go to the bathroom. Maybe. I don't know. But they were kind of
like... The message I got from them was, yeah, edit it out. Don't let it... Don't let it
fuck everything up. Did you edit it out? I did. Are you going to edit this out? No.
Well, just because it's boring? No. No, because now if you... No, no, I...
No, no, I... People will know that he used the N-bomb. Oh, no, no, no. I actually specifically
want the people in Seattle to know those 200 people. I want you to know it wasn't a shame-based
edit. It was like a kind of like actually answering your call to adventure because they sat there
and were like, yeah, fuck that. We're not going to let the... Who cares? It's a dumb
word. How do you guys feel about it? No, don't ask. Don't applaud. That feels weird.
Let's try. On the count of three, let's say the N-word together and see how they react.
And you guys don't react. Don't react. Be better than Seattle. One, two... Okay, alright.
I can say it if I say the word sand before it. Yeah, you're allowed to. That's in all
of your people's music. Yeah, what's up, my sand? Oh, yeah. Oh, one, two, one, two. Yo.
Is that my people's music? I'm trying to improvise a Muslim rap. That's our call to prayer. Like
actual Muslim rap. Hey, remember right after 9-11 when all the Muslim rappers kind of just
got really quiet? Who were the Muslim rappers? Well, I don't know. I remember there was a
lot of bow ties and a lot of anger in the 9-11 and it was like, okay, well, rap's one thing.
9-11's another. I just remember it got really quiet, really fast. Yeah, I mean a lot of
shit was going on after 9-11. I'm sure among them was that the Muslim rappers were like,
we're going to lay low for a little bit. Yeah. This album is ready to go, but context has
changed. I thought it was kind of funny. So should we... Do you guys have any questions?
Just raise your hand. We're going to do the Q&A's part of the thing. Yeah, you guys could...
Raise your hand. I'll call... Oh, you know, how about this? You guys can come and line
up over here and then we could just go one by one. What do you think? Yep. Yeah, so if
you guys... Yeah, we'll set that out there and you guys can come line up if you have
questions and ask questions. We should bring... Other people that are going to be on, we
should bring them on, right? We should bring Spencer out and we should bring every... Spencer!
Get up here. Like a gazelle. I'm going to sit here instead. Yay! Yay! Yay! Hey, guys.
No, we were doing the podcast. Oh, okay. All right. So do you have any questions? These
guys get it. They're hip crowd. Well, we don't get it. How are they supposed to get it?
We don't get it. Because they get us. All right. If there's any questions about the
documentary, you just... You can go line up over there and then we can... Is one person
a line? I feel like it needs to be a line segment. It's Toby from the office. Everybody
loves him. So visually, that doesn't land. What's your name, sir? My name is Braden.
Braden? Yep. What's your question, Braden? So, Mr. Dan, what... Did you have any decision
making and what went into the film? And if not, what would you set the record straight
on? I insisted that Neil put the pedophilia as an option if you have the gumption tongue
twister in. He didn't put it in. And I was like, I was really funny in that moment. I
improvised alliteration. Do you have any idea how difficult that is? The joke was socially
unacceptable tongue twister. And I nailed it. Put it in the movie. And Neil was like,
well, the chat, you know, Phoenix, you know, it's like, we've already done Crip Death.
This feels like a whole other thing. Crip Death was my offer. I took it. I made the
touchdown. Right. Yeah. Crip Death was the assist. You were the slam dunk. Yeah. Alley
U. And it doesn't work. No one laughs at it. But no, I thought it was great. I was very
proud of myself. That was about it, really. I just kept telling him, put the pedophile
joke back in the movie. You keep leaving it out. I don't know what to tell you. That
might be the first time that that note has been given. There was, I mean, there were
several cuts of the movie. I had to make an agreement with Neil. The guy you're gesturing
to didn't ask that question. Brayden sat down. Brayden sat down. Sorry. Brayden was pointing
him out, though. Yeah. I had to let the director know. It's my tour. It's his movie. So come
on, what may? And he was very respectful. Somebody shouted something out. Can we or
did we? What did they say? They want us to bring the director on. Well, yeah. The director's
mom is obviously in the audience. She's very proud. Please understand, ma'am. It's a very
confusing time. We didn't know if it was a Q&A or a podcast. We don't know what we're
doing. But you're right. You're absolutely right. He made it. Even though you're only
saying that because you gave birth to him, we should probably bring the director on.
Well, we should wait until she should go stand in line and then when it's her turn. But that's
if it's just a Q&A. If it's Harmontown, if she can just wander up and go, I want to
eat your face. That's what we've learned about the show. So Neil, come up here. Will you
come up here, Neil, please? Is that actually Neil's mom? No, of course not. I'm just trying
to take away. She's not very proud. She is sitting next to Neil, so I thought it might
be it. What, Neil's mom is actually here? No, his mom, her mom. No, Neil hates his family.
He's a filmmaker. That was Shannon Russo, wife of EP Joe Russo. I did that. Thank you.
Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. First of all, I love the movie. I'll just say that up front. My question,
I myself have just finished a lengthy road trip as well. So when you were on your road
trip, were there any depths of personal hygiene that you sank to that surprised you?
Wait, I'm glad I'm here because I was asked several times at other moments that weren't
on camera. You've told the story before, but one story from the road that always makes
me laugh, like I laughed about it this day, was when we broke down and you went back to
get fries, like you need to remember that? The McDonald's fries. When the engine broke
down? Yeah. And we got in and out fries and you weren't satisfied, so you went back to
get McDonald's fries. That certainly sounds like a rock bottom.
Wait, no. It's not an hygiene thing, but you hid them in the bag and in the bus because
you got a quarter pounder as well? Yeah, I was shame eating in the bus.
You wanted people to think you were eating in and out, but you were just eating McDonald's
fries in the internet bag. Wait, so the best you could hope for was that people thinking
you're eating slightly less shitty fast food? Yeah, I think at the time I was supposed to
be on a diet with Aaron and I think, I don't know. In and out was part of the diet? I don't
know. I can't remember. I remember going... No, you didn't like your enough fries. I'm
going to cook some real fries. So you went to McDonald's and you bought fries, but you
also bought a quarter pounder and a milkshake, and you put them all in the same bag and went
in the bus and ate by yourself. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. No, it's fine. It feels a little
bit like you're just picking on the fat kid, but I'm sure you're a movie maker. It was
going to be either that or the pedophilia joke was going to be in the movie. Yes, guys,
I ate extra fries. What's your name? Cameron. Cameron, it seems like you had some depth
you wanted to tell us about. How do you know when you have a fake name? My name really
is Cameron Cameron. That's a good sign. I don't know. I was just in my head thinking
either it was having Wendy's three times in one day or not changing clothes for the first
three days of the road trip. Well, what's your question? All of the depths of... That
was just me. Yeah. But the question was, what were the depths of... Oh, the hygiene. Yeah.
I mean, honestly, when I think when I'm moving, I probably shower more than usual, which is
still not a lot. I think that when I'm stationary and I have a person that loves me, that's when
I really push the limits. Like right now, there's like, I don't know, wallpaper peeling.
I haven't showered in a long time. When was the last time you showered? I have no idea.
No memory of it. Don't remember. The water stings my skin. It hurts. It hurts my skin.
I know that the rest of you get into the shower. You like the feeling of it. And that's why
you're not heroes for doing it. It's weird that you get out of something that you like
and then come and find people like me and make fun of us. Because we're all just doing
what we want to do. Sometimes you like to play basketball. Sometimes you like to take
a shower. Then you come find me. How many showers did you take this month, bro? I don't
know. Just guess or I'll punch you. I don't know, three? Three in a month? That's either
too many or too little. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Every day
is Babylon 5. I don't know who you are. I don't know what you want from me. How many
times should I shower to make you happy? Three. Fuck you. Fuck you. I don't like it. It stings
my skin. I like to take baths. I like to submerge myself in hot, soapy water. It takes a long
time. I don't do that a lot either. I think that answers your question, Cameron.
Thank you very much, Dan. Thank you, Cameron. But when you go to a hotel, they have nice
showers. You go, well, as long as I'm here. Yeah, I was alone for a couple weeks in Baltimore,
completely alone in a hotel room, and I was showering five, six times a day just to class
the time. I remember, did you talk about that in Harmontown? Maybe. Maybe I was tweeting
about it because I had nothing to do with the shower. You're like one of those guys
that would tease me. What? No. Yeah, because you would then go, oh, I took a shower five
times a day, and you'd be like, yeah, this is a new thing I can brag about. I was like,
I don't, do you want it to do that? Why can't everyone just do what they want to do? I didn't
say anything to you, Dan. No, I know. I was agreeing with you that when I'm moving and
lonely, I shower more, but if I'm surrounded. Because you can't wait to get in there. That's
crazy to me. You have to take off all your clothes. Well, you have to do that with a
bath, too. No, I don't take a lot of those. You have to take all of your clothes off.
You have a problem with nudity? That's just the energy expenditure. It's just everything,
and then you're going to have to put it back on later, but you're going to be one. I feel
like a hero every time I put pants on. I'm like, fuck, I'm so good at this. I hate it.
Season three of Community, I came to a point where I was like, I got this. I'm going to
wear my pajamas to work. I was really proud of myself for a while. I was like, I'm working
on my pajamas, I'm coming to work on my pajamas, inspire leadership in my pajamas. Because
the editor would see me and go, what are you doing? I'm doing what you can do. It's called
fucking culture jamming. Why do you wear pajamas to bed? They're comfortable. Yeah. Well, you
are going to dream little editor dreams in your little editor bed, in your editor pajamas.
Wear them to work, motherfucker. That's the version of you I want. Relax, sleepy you. Culture
jamming. Culture jamming.
If you have a question about culture jamming, it's already been answered.
It's not about culture jamming. This is for Dan and Neil. Anne Spencer, what is, and this
is kind of a twist on the first question, something that wasn't included in the movie,
but not for content, but maybe just had to be cut for time or didn't fit the tone that
you wish could have been in there?
Honestly, I feel compelled to tell this story just because I think it's interesting, because
I think there was this moment, there was this big thing in the documentary that Neil kept
including where I jokingly called Aaron the C-word. It was like 10 minutes into the movie.
We had just gotten out of the road, and Neil, I don't want to say you thought it was funny,
and I'm going to make you sound like you're some kind of weirdo, but you were like, well,
it's obviously a joke. It says a lot about your relationship, because Aaron thought it
was funny, and we were like, joke about it, but it didn't translate. The bottom line is
things like the C-word, for instance. It changes the experience in the movie you're watching.
So I was saying to Neil, I want you to understand that I do not want to look like a good person
in this movie, but I also want you to understand that that early in the film, that's going
to be like this weird, if you went on a roller coaster and just a pelican dropped into your
lap, it changes the roller coaster. Is this a Wild West theme roller coaster? Is it a
space theme roller coaster? It doesn't matter. Now it's a pelican themed roller coaster.
It changes the audience's experience. Save that shit for later. Aaron says later, he
called me the C-word and you hear the audience, boo, it's part of the story.
Yeah, you can't have two subplots about the C-word. No, it's just a bit. It's like, oh,
they're hilarious together. It does not translate, trust me. It was like, remember when I, in
the movie, when I go to hubris to go on the perfect tour, tour, tour, and I do a fake
echo on my own, and then Aaron says, why are you doing the echo? They can do the echo
later, and I'm like, that's the bit. It's meta. It's like if we did a documentary about
how we fight all the time, and then she says, we don't fight all the time, and I'm like,
yes, we do. And she's like, no, we don't. And we start fighting and it's a funny bit
and it culminates in me calling her the C-word. And it's hilarious in our lives and not a
good thing to happen 10 minutes into the movie. So that's an example.
At the time, it was a character thing, but it says a lot of people have asked like, what
was it like to make a movie with a guy who's in the movie he's producing? And that was
a note where, damn, there was a moment where at the very end, you said, look, I'll tell
you one last time, I've been in rooms where people have said the C-word and the N-word,
the G-word, the Q-word. Get ready and we look at it.
Is Q-word just cunt with a Q? No, it's Q-word. People are really sensitive about Q and C's.
Thank you. Thank you. So that's when it came out, as I was like,
okay, I hear what you're saying. I understand that note. It's not about you being a good
person or a bad person. You're talking about losing an audience.
Yeah, I had to promise. I'm going to swear to God I'm not. I'm not trying to make myself
look cool here. Just please don't keep that part in. I think that answered your question.
I don't know. Does that answer that one?
I mean, this doesn't really qualify as an answer to your question, but every time I
see it, there's this guy wearing this orange brown beanie cap and you see him twice in
the whole movie and they're really close together. And that guy gave me that beanie
during one of the shows. And every time I see it, I'm like, that beanie has a story
to it. That only I know. And no one else is going to know this, but now you guys do,
maybe. Wait, was your question about things that were
not in the movie? What ended up outside the movie?
Oh, yes. I will tell you this. Soon. All right. I fucked up my answer.
No, no, no. Your answer was totally good, right?
But soon, next week, someday, you'll all learn that there's going to be a place, I don't
know what I can talk about, but there's going to be a place on the Internet where you can
go there called harm attend dot com and see the making of chicken noodle dick.
That's which it's a it's a scene that didn't make it in the movie, but it's it's pretty
amazing and I can't wait for you all to see it.
It is kind of interesting because we got high and we're on the bus and we're just laying
there giggling and but it takes forever because you don't want to jump cut within it.
Well, it takes like six. There's a there's a honey bear dick song and there's a aspirin
dick. There's several dicks that were sung about until chicken noodle became the Huckleberry.
Yeah.
The Huckleberry of what? What does that mean?
Yeah, I didn't get that either. What is Huckleberry?
We almost just glide glid glid.
Are you just trying to start a new like phrase? You're trying to slip it in?
No, that's fucking Huckleberry anyway. Neil, that's not a thing anyone says.
I spread that instead of saying Huckleberry, your Huckleberry, it's from the tombstone.
Oh, yeah, that movie that is part of the Mexican.
It's like you were referencing Wizard of Oz.
Why did people quote that thing? He goes, I'll be a Huckleberry and everyone's like,
yeah, what a badass. What the fuck is he talking about?
I never got that, Neil. What the fuck are you talking about?
I don't know. I don't know what it means.
I'm your Huckleberry. What do you mean you're his Huckleberry?
Like, he's Tom Sawyer? Don't shoot him then.
Oh, it must be that. That makes a lot of sense, actually.
Was that book contemporary?
Well, it was Mark Twain's classic, and you know, Huckleberry was like, I'm the grounded
sidekick.
I'm your Huckleberry, and he's like dying against a tree.
How are you my Huckleberry?
I didn't see the movie.
You should check it out. It's a really good movie.
Also watch Silverado.
Also read Huck Finn.
Yeah, sure.
If you love the N-word.
Also read Huck Finn.
If you love the N-word, you'll love the new Toyota Corolla.
Sponsor of Hamilton.
Smooth.
I don't know what that sounds like. Go ahead.
Hi, I'm Adam.
Adam, nice to meet you.
I have a question for Dan, and then one for Spencer.
Yes.
So Dan.
I'm sorry, after you ask the question, you're going to have to go to the back of the line.
Ask Spencer.
All right, Dan, what was the feeling like when NBC got ahold of you and were like, hey, we're
sorry.
Come back.
They did. That didn't happen.
These things don't happen.
If you ever are privileged to be fired from a television show, the way you find out is
your agent tells you, and then your agent tells you you've been rehired.
That's it.
It doesn't, none of the suits actually meet you and say that they are your Huckleberry.
They don't.
No.
There's no boom box outside the window.
That's from a movie called Say Anything.
You know how in firing squads, I don't know if you know this, when they used to shoot
people to kill them officially.
They would, one person would have a blank.
They would put one blank in it.
It's a systemic, you know, unaccountability.
Each person gets to think, I'm probably not the one actually killing this person.
I'm probably a hero.
That's television.
Everyone just goes, hey, what am I doing?
I don't know.
Fuck it.
My parents are rich.
I'll just do this.
And then if you get fired, you find out not by anybody telling you anything that would
ever reflect poorly on them, you find out by the phone not ringing.
And then when you get rehired, again, it's like, hey, I guess I'm back.
Yeah, it's not exciting.
So fuck you, kid.
Adam, your question for Spencer?
Spencer, what's your favorite addition of D&D to play?
We play Pathfinder, which is an officially D&D, as it were, but it counts.
It counts.
Fifth edition of official D&Ds just came out, and I'd recommend it to new players.
It's a very joyless sounding answer.
I love that.
Thank you.
Hi.
I'm Mark.
This question for Dan, since they didn't get picked up, can we kind of know what those
pilots were about in the movie?
The CVS pilot was, it was sort of an absolutely fabulous kind of rip-off.
It was about a, it was actually my fiancee, Aaron's idea, it was about a guy who had been
a rock star in the 90s who had returned to his hometown and opened a bar.
And he was in his 40s, and he was just running this bar, and kind of, he was, you know, he
was the consummate non-sellout, and a former rock star who people would come to his bar
and be like, oh man, this fucking guy used to be in this thing, and he's not a sellout.
He owns this bar now.
And then this 15-year-old girl walks in, and the pilot, she's his previously unknown
daughter.
Huckleberry.
She's his Huckleberry, and she wants to come live with him so she can get into an art school
that if she, if she has a residence there in that city, she can go to this art school
that she wants to go to.
So it's really ABFAB, it's with a dude, which hopefully would have been Jack Black, but then
he didn't want to do it, so it died.
But it was pretty cool.
I haven't read it.
That sounds good.
You haven't read it?
Well, I haven't read it since I gave it to him.
It might suck.
But I thought it was pretty good.
That does sound awesome.
What was the Fox one?
I don't know.
Actually, the Fox thing, the Fox thing was going to be like 30 Rock in a video game studio.
Basically, it was going to be like, yeah, I mean, if you wait long enough, everyone
that hired you gets fired.
So like the Fox that I worked for doesn't exist anymore.
It's every all different people now.
It doesn't matter.
It's not like there's some guy going, I'm Mr. Fox, you regret this decision.
You just signed a deal with some guy named like Kevin Johnson, and then Kevin Johnson
was like, now I'm at CBS.
Oh, shit.
It doesn't matter.
It's fine.
Hey, I just want to point out that I thought it was pretty funny.
You guys jumping onto, making fun of someone for making a film reference that was like,
it was like, oh, we're all nerds here, but that's seen with Val Kilmer.
No one was going to reference that.
I wasn't going to get that.
What's kind of funny?
I'm joking.
I was, because we jumped on him, I was jumping on you to make a joke, and then it just came
across as me.
It's okay.
You blocked me on Twitter.
It's fine.
I get it.
I did block you?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
You probably just served it.
Yeah, I did.
What did you do?
I think I was really happy that Emily followed me, and I was like, oh, your Twitter follow
that's soon going to follow going to be hack or something, and then after that I was blocked.
Oh, no.
It must have been a mistake.
That doesn't sound like a blockable.
That's something else that I surely...
The fuck is going on?
See?
He's asking for it.
I don't know.
Anyway, go ahead.
Yeah, okay.
Sorry about that.
My questions are for Spencer, actually.
Yes.
To Parter.
Oh, thank...
No.
Number one, I'm kind of new to the world of D&D, I just got into it for professional
reasons.
Wait.
Wow.
Are you trying to get a job in Hollywood?
No.
Yeah.
I really want to be the second host, like the other guy on the couch.
My god.
I don't have a couch.
Okay.
I don't even own a couch.
Somebody get this guy a couch.
Trevor?
Xanthan?
Ah, Xanthan.
He can haul a couch.
It's just for game design, but I noticed a lot of other game designers have this really
personal deep relationship where they really cherish their D&D memories, just role-playing
game memories in general, and a lot of them saw it as not just their first introduction
to rules and systems for a game, but also for building a community and having social
interaction that you're kind of...
You don't want to be lame and be like, oh man, I miss my friends if I don't see them
every week.
But so you put that all into like, hey, we've got to play this game every week, right?
We have this social contract to hang out with each other and work our shit out because
we have to play this game every week.
I was wondering if that was your experience with D&D?
Like having really fond memories of building communities?
Yeah, and playing with friends, making it very social.
I mean, that's all, in my opinion, that's the worst part of Dungeons & Dragons is that
it really brings out the darkness in interpersonal relationships, and they always come to the
surface.
If it turns out you really hate your friend's haircut, like in Dungeons & Dragons, you're
going to get in a fistfight over that, and the rules have been my refuge from thinking
about all the social problems that I've experienced.
It's been kind of nightmarish.
I've lost like three groups of friends, probably, that just hate each other because of Dungeons
& Dragons games, so I mean, I wish I could, yeah, but it breaks up families.
Maybe I already have the answer to part two of my question was like, would you think about
doing like a game at PAX or something like that, I think, that might draw a crowd.
I'll do whatever anyone will, you know, pay for.
Not pay me for, but like get me out there.
He's like Alex P. Keaton over here.
I don't, you know, I don't got much going on.
I don't, you know, I don't have to do it for the love of the game, man, love the game,
man.
Thank you.
Thanks, man.
This is a great two part question, by the way.
I shit all over the second part.
You know, two part questions are bullshit.
Yeah.
Everybody does that.
You're basically cheating.
Yes.
Like what?
I have a, hello, I'm Oliver Twist.
I have a two part bowl that I like filled with soup.
Obviously that's not allowed.
It's not allowed, that's, you're just, you're describing a tray.
Yeah, so what's your Twitter handle?
It's a double question at 69.twitter, I don't know how Twitter works.
All right, Benny and June, let's go.
So first off, I love the movie.
First off, I love the movie.
Sorry to sound like a broken record, but I was wondering since Yahoo's been our savior
and is bringing back community, if you're looking forward to rubbing it in NBC's face.
Well they still own, NBC still owns the show, I mean, so it's like as successful as the
show is, then they'll be like, thank you, I don't know, there's no way out of it.
If you're making a show for, the only way to get revenge on all the suits in the world
is to make something in your sandbox that they don't own, and then no one gets to see
it.
And you're really brave in 23, which you are, and you could, like, don't work with
Sony and NBC and all that stuff.
But if you are, if you have gone down that road and you've created a show, like community,
that has NBC's money in it, Sony's money in it, and now Yahoo's money in it, you know,
you can't really get revenge on anybody, you're in it with the fans and the money's coming
from everywhere and you can't.
It's weird because I guess if it succeeds, they get money, and if it loses, well they
were right for canceling it.
Yeah.
And in either case, they're not going to care.
It's like, you know, NBC's going to be a food channel by then, or the most important network
in the world.
I mean, we don't know.
Everything changes every year.
I caught myself because I was quoted on TMZ as saying something.
Yeah, NBC will be a food network in a year.
Dan Harmon slams Food Network.
Their job isn't to care and our job isn't to get revenge on them because there is no
them.
That's the problem with them is that they're not them.
We are them.
They aren't them.
They are corporations.
The them is inside of us.
If you compete with them, then you're going to fuck the them that you are.
Like the only them that is is Vince Gilligan and people who make shows.
Like the people who make the costumes and the props and they actually roll the cameras
and stuff.
There's the them and Los Angeles is filled with them and then there's the them that's
like what, the logo, natgeo.org or whatever you end up airing on.
Those people, if they're the good guys or the bad guys, you're equally psychotic because
you have to just make a product.
I was wondering when we can expect the Spencer brand D20s to be in store.
Oh man.
You're like Peter North.
The negotiations with Chessix Dice have really gone south.
I'm going to have to get my own injection mold and it's a real to do.
Thank you.
Hi, I'm Evan.
Nice to meet you all.
Hey Evan, nice to meet you.
My question is between like, you know, writing the pilot scripts and like making songs about
Pringles' dicks.
What kinds of things do you, what kinds of things did you do between tourists the past
of time?
That's it.
I mean, the Pringles' dick song and the, what is he sleeping?
Sleepy.
What's the past of time?
I don't know.
You play video games?
Song stuff.
Now, just Minecraft.
That's it.
But that deserves to be talked about on a level of like heroin.
Like I have a problem right now.
Like season six of community is going to be worse because of Minecraft.
It's going to be a Minecraft episode.
It's like that's like your edition.
I don't know.
I keep saying to the writers, we should do a Minecraft episode, but it's like, it's
like a junkie saying we should do a heroin episode.
And they're like, yeah, I bet we should.
That would make you real happy, wouldn't it, boss?
Make that needle dangling out of your arm like a prop instead of a fucking thing that
we need to deal with.
Clean up your act.
And I guess it's like, this kind of involves Spencer, but what inspired you to have him
in the VCR episode?
Is everyone asking many questions?
What are the rules?
I don't know, man.
Is this a Q and A or a podcast?
I don't know.
I mean, we know it's obviously we're into Harmontown.
We're into Harmontown.
Yeah.
It's the worst Harmontown ever and the best Q and A ever.
That's right.
This is the Venn diagram.
Overlap.
I don't know what words mean.
Go ahead.
What happened?
Was there a question?
The audience?
Yeah.
What inspired having Spencer on the VCR episode?
Oh, that's not to me.
That's you.
I thought of you.
I didn't inspire it.
I don't know.
I kind of feel like he's, he looks like he could be Alice and Bree's brother.
Yeah.
He's a beautiful viking, like with these piercing eyes.
He does have a very handsome face.
I do.
I honestly can't remember.
I don't know.
No.
I know what it was.
I guess I can't answer this question.
There was a character who, well, it's fine to say plots that are never going to happen.
Yeah.
I mean, we were pitching a story about Britta.
About Britta hooking up with Annie's brother, and that plot line kind of fell away and transmitted
into this different plot line.
Annie's brother was going to be like a photojournalist who was like a Mark Ruffalo type, who Britta
immediately pounced on and was going to cause a stripe between them.
It's like the boy next door kind of thing.
It felt a little uninspired, and then I was like, what if, what, what, what is Annie's
brother not supposed to be?
The characterization of that kind of fell away, and then there was like, oh, I guess
anyone can do it, and then someone put like Viking type in the, in the script, and then
everyone thought it was me, and then I got cast.
The writers were quite taken with him, because I had this guy coming in, and then he'd go
like, Dan, what size are your pants?
And so the writers were like, who is that?
That's my dungeon master.
You also had a documentary that desperately needed an ending.
That's true as well.
Yes.
Wait, can I do the honorable thing, and that is not going to go well?
Is there a movie question for me in the line?
Okay.
Can you come?
Okay, Evan, thank you.
I will eject.
That's not honorable.
You want to eject?
That sounds like the worst like thing to say during sex.
No, I want like, just eject.
All right, here it is.
I saw you guys on the Massachusetts tour stop, so it's really cool to see it all finished.
Did you know what the emotional premise or main storyline of the movie would be before
during shooting, or did you figure out the true focus during the editing process?
The latter, yes.
We went out, I met Dan on Thanksgiving of 2012.
I shot my first Harmontown on December 3rd, and we hit the road on January 9th.
I had never listened to a podcast until he emailed me.
I hadn't talked to him very much.
We had, I had no idea what this movie would be about, totally honest.
He had an idea, I had an idea of what I think it should be.
We went out and we just chased story the whole time we were out there.
We looked for things, and halfway through we had an idea of what it might be about, but
there was a long editorial process that went through a lot of different stages, ups and
downs, and good stories, bad stories, good movies, and bad movies, and we came out.
And Erin McGathy actually about Midway said, just make this movie about Spencer.
And there is a cut that exists that is all about Spencer.
But that...
Don't clap for that.
You'll never see it.
Spencer's mom is here too, I guess.
But it triggered a lot of light bulbs went off when we made that cut.
And it turned into the cut you saw today.
But no, it took a lot of editorial.
And if I may, there are two guys, can I do a quick question?
Sure, sure.
Do you mind?
I'm sorry.
There are two guys in the audience that I failed to thank, and thank God this is being
podcasted, but James Lesh is here tonight, he's an editor on this movie, who was with
me the whole process, and Academy Award-winning Kevin Klobber, who cut Crossfire Hurricane,
the Pearl Jam doc.
You're just embarrassing this movie and the soon-to-be Kurt Cobain doc, he's a genius,
and he's the reason that this movie exists.
So thank those guys.
Thank you.
This is a question for Spencer, but what do you decide is welcome by U3, should you have
them?
I'm wondering, any chance of a Spencer podcast?
Do you have any ideas?
Maybe call it The Critten Den, I don't know, something like that.
The Critten Den.
That's a pretty good idea.
I like it.
I think you do kind of have an idea.
I'm at more concept, I mean, that's a great title, but I don't know what I do, like I
just sit and fart.
Ask him.
What do you do as a Crittenden?
That is what I ask him.
Have we gotten that far?
I'm sorry.
All right.
Well, you and me, let's talk.
We can make it happen.
Okay.
Thank you.
If anyone has a good idea, let me know.
I'll do whatever anyone wants me to do.
It's part of the charm, I guess, like, I don't know what charm is.
Someone's been murdered and we're about to find out.
This question is for Spencer.
I am cleaning up today.
Yes, this Q&A should be called, this question is for Spencer.
I'm into it.
That would be the name of the documentary of tonight.
I'm also a Dungeon Master.
Nice.
I have a hard time, like, getting enough material for one day.
How are you able to make material for 20 straight days?
Well, the trick is you only play for five minutes.
With a bunch of people who keep going, what am I doing?
Yeah.
No, I mean, honestly, I've learned to prepare less each week because, you know, if I was
to say, let's plan out five hours, in the first hour, they're going to go into a house.
You know the first thing they're going to do is, like, shit on the house or turn it
into the warp zone or nothing that makes any sense.
So you just plan, like, one seed worth and then you have ideas of where you could go
after that.
But, you know, that's what I do.
It's different than preparing for, you know, your typical four hour session or whatever.
Thank you.
Hi.
I'm Jeff.
I want to know, is there going to be a Harmontown tour, too?
Part two.
I don't know.
We'll be making that decision these days, I guess.
I mean, this is certainly exhilarating.
I'm sure there's a lot of people in the audience right now that want to kill themselves, but
I'm having a great time and the seats are full and the movie is well received, so it might
make an obvious choice to, like, go.
I always thought, we'll call the first one Harmontown.
You're looking at me like I'm going to be involved, like, I'm on board.
What am I going to do?
No, no.
Oh, you're, because you're like, I'll be, I'll be doing a documentary.
No, I'm saying, I didn't know you would actually look at me saying, how are we doing
it?
Oh, I, yeah, I, there should be a number, there should be several.
This is a special thing.
It's, I like this, I like this thing.
I like what's going on.
We'll do, we'll do Harmon World.
We'll go to Edinburgh and, like, tell the things that people are always, you know, tweeting
at us, like, how can we never come to such a place worldwide, but whatever, I mean, I
don't know.
Yes.
And then I, I have another question, I'm sorry.
I mean, it's fine.
Go ahead.
It's the president that's been, all this has edited out.
This is all just a Q and A. It's like in a fucking archive.
That's it.
Who is Spencer Crittenden?
Oh, shit.
Who's that question to?
All of you.
Oh, shit.
I think he's Hitler.
Yeah, this is like, this is a long con.
Yeah.
If you, if you get to, if you ask me, I get to answer how I want to answer.
I think he's Hitler.
Hmm.
Bearded Hitler.
I think, I think this is how Hitler started.
Several good points being raised.
I mean, Hitler was like at a Nazi show.
He was like, I could be Dungeon Master.
Yeah.
I'm like, Joe, oh, help fun with you and the thing.
I don't know.
That is a spot on Hitler, by the way.
Thank you.
Here's Hitler.
Here's Hitler as your plumber.
Oh, it seems like you'll have his toilet.
All right.
Thank you.
I'm the last person who knows who I am.
Who are you?
I'm the last person.
Just say it.
What is that?
What does that even mean?
Well, say it.
You know you're thinking like Ewan McGregor.
Who's Ewan McGregor?
Are you fucking, fucking me right now?
Is that like Ewan McGregor?
It's, what?
What?
Ewan?
You've seen his name in print and you think his name is Ewan McGregor?
Well, they're brothers, right?
No.
There's Ewan McGregor and he's one person.
I thought it was Ewan and Ewing, like Patrick Ewing?
Ewing McGregor.
He's not, he's doing a bit.
What?
Who's Ewan McGregor?
Yeah.
He's an actor.
Oh, well, fuck, who cares?
He lies?
A lot of people lie.
You, you really don't know who Ewan McGregor is.
I don't care who actors are.
What's important is the person that they're pretending to be, right?
Not who they are.
Okay, so you like Obi-Wan?
Obi-Wan Kenobi.
Who?
The real person.
Obi-Wan.
Oh, Obi-Wan.
It's from Star Wars.
Obi-Wan.
Obi-Wan, yeah.
I read the novelizations.
See, is all the pronunciations wrong?
That's a great bet.
Are two G2.
That would be, are two.
That is, that would be so funny.
You didn't know how to pronounce R2G2.
Yeah.
It's a, it's a sketch is someone's recounting Star Wars and they've only read the books.
I went to school with a guy, sorry.
I went to school with a guy named R2G2, R2G2 Gonzalez.
His parents named it after their favorite character from the Star Wars movie.
Shut up.
Are you getting out?
Gonzalez, R2G2.
You didn't have a friend named R2G2.
I didn't have a friend.
He went to my school.
His name was R2G2 for real.
R2G2 Gonzalez, yeah.
For real.
Yeah.
I spelled A-R-T-O-O, A-R-T-O-R, I don't know how to spell the D2 part of it, I'm not going
to lie.
I'll just go with R2.
Gonzalez.
I'm so excited right now.
Oh, no.
That's R2RO.
Is it R2RO?
Gonzalez?
Well, obviously that's going to have a better Google ranking.
I mean, that's how the search engine works.
R2G2.
You type in R2G2 and it what comes up to Autofill is Dan Harmon Chevy Chase fired NBC.
All right, there is an R2G2, okay, there is a person named R2G2.
Yeah, that's all I'm saying.
It's not that big of a, you know, coincidence.
His last name is Valterra Phenomenon.
All right, so this happens.
It really is.
This is adorable.
This is a young, sexy John Hodgeman.
So this question is for the three of you.
Was there ever a point in time during the tour where a personality's clashed or something
happened where you just wanted to turn it around and stop the thing?
No, no.
That was the weird, the weirdest thing was we left thinking we're going to get tired.
We're going to get bored.
We're going to get over this so soon.
But none of that happened.
Being on a tour bus for 20 days is really, really fun.
You have a good time.
You have the best sleep of your life.
You laugh the whole time.
It's amazing.
Yeah, it was fun.
If Erin were here, I think she would want it on record.
It's like, no, it's fucking miserable.
For a relationship, to get on that, to go into that situation with the person you love
with your life partner, like that is not fair to the relationship.
Every individual can get to choose whether to have a good time on that bus.
But our relationship was definitely just, it was fine.
We survived it, and we knew going in it would be stressful.
But it was like, there's cameras everywhere, and Erin loves documentaries and is really
smart, and is the reason I contacted Neil, because Erin was the one watching Wayne White
in Beauty is Embarrassing.
Erin is the one who's going like, I don't, you know, I just, I want to support you in
your documentary.
I don't want to look bad.
I don't want to do other things.
She's going into it thinking all this stuff, and I'm like, it's just, don't worry about
it.
Let's just have fun.
It was a nightmare.
It was like, you can see the things that reality shows do to crazy people that they cast because
they're crazy, and then they put them on TV, and they go like, oh, there's cameras everywhere,
but just act natural.
They like to watch them unwind.
If you're in a relationship and you go get on a tour bus with cameras everywhere, it'll,
I think it'll, it'll find the nooks and crannies of your, of your relationship.
Yeah, you're going to get a Seaworth subplot.
And it was my fault, because, yeah, I brought work on the bus and all that stuff, but like,
it was actually, because I think like, oh man, that was fun, but Erin's like, it was a nightmare,
and she's right when I look back on it.
It was a nightmare for her.
Thank you.
Hello.
I enjoyed your documentary very much.
I just wanted to ask, during the course of it, I noticed a pervasive use of alcohol,
and I wanted to know how real was that, or were there any
Have you seen
That was water.
It was all fake.
How did these water
Were there any interventions at any point, or
Have you seen the comically huge bottle that Dan brought on stage?
No, yeah, I drink a lot, and if anyone asks if I'm an alcoholic, I just say yes, because
that makes the conversation stop.
Thank you for your question.
If you say no, then they get to keep talking, so
I also do the same with racism.
And what happened with the moonshine?
What happened with the moonshine?
Oh my God, he's going to kill us.
Where are you going?
Oh, he's sitting here.
Oh, God.
I thought, because you were like, what happened with the moonshine?
Are you strutted?
I think you saw what happened with the moonshine.
Yeah, the moonshine was a blackout drunk.
I mean, you can hear that podcast.
I did do a lot of edits to that podcast.
There's actually stuff from the movie that I edited out of the podcast, but you can
by and large hear that episode.
It's Nashville.
You can go back and look for it.
That's what happened, yeah.
What you saw was what happened.
It's pretty crazy.
At one point, I took the audience on a bear hunt.
Oh, that got cut out completely.
That was in several edits, but
Because I regressed to
Oh, man.
I didn't like that bear hunt.
It was a full-on blackout, crazy warning sign.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I mean, it's weird that
Okay.
How's it going?
I mean, you know, when you say goodbye to a friend and then keep walking to the party.
You go to the party.
Same corner.
I hate that.
Like, I'd rather die than be alive.
Hey, Seek.
It's Seek.
Seek from the podcast.
Multiple aneurysm survivors, Seek.
First of all, Neil, you made an amazing movie.
This is my second time seeing it, and I still got emotional and cried.
And I think you guys represent not only, you know, being honest to the whole movie,
but represent us really well.
And I thank you guys for that.
Thank you, Seek.
Thank you very much.
It's very nice of you to say.
Thank you.
I want to know now that the movie's over and some time has passed.
And they would say, you know, hindsight is 20-20.
Like, is there anything from the movie, like watching it now multiple times with audiences
that you're learning or seeing differently?
Like, Spencer, do you still get depressed even when good things and bad things happen?
Yeah, I'm depressed right now, actually.
It's
Yeah, I'm going to be fine, you guys.
Also, hire a merch intern.
Like, fucking make someone else deal with that.
I told Aaron over and over again.
Don't do merch.
That was not a lesson you learned.
That was a lesson everyone else but you learned.
Or also, don't do merch.
It's not like that's how Adam Sandler makes his money.
He makes billion-dollar movies that everyone's like,
he doesn't give a shit about t-shirts.
Like, somebody sells a t-shirt with Adam Sandler's face.
It's like, it's bootlegged.
If I can speak for the fans, if I was in another town and you guys came,
that's cool that you guys had merch.
Yeah, hire an intern.
I'm going to be high-roaded.
Wait, there were 7,000 t-shirts.
The amount of merch was unbelievable.
Like, there's one shot of it in the beginning
where there's lines of garbage bags.
Those are filled with t-shirts.
And we sold all of it.
No, we did not.
I know.
We didn't sell like half of it.
Get your Harmon Down t-shirt.
I want everyone listening to me to understand something about t-shirts.
They're very easy to print.
They're very easy to sell.
Everyone can always use them.
They're a fantastic way to communicate, to express yourself,
to exchange in commerce.
The amount of money you make on t-shirts
will always just give you enough money to make more t-shirts.
There is nothing, there isn't anyone out there right now
who's like, and then I got the t-shirt business.
There's no Howard Hughes of t-shirtery.
Well, other than our friend Ryan Ridley who lived off of a t-shirt
from two years. That was a different era, yes.
There was a company that, yeah.
And if I could just say last, like Dan,
hopefully you don't still see yourself as the villain
because I know a lot of us here, you're a hero to us.
So thank you guys for being here.
You son of a bitch.
You son of a bitch, Seek!
You can't argue with him.
He listened to the podcast.
Seek keeps reporting in.
He's survived multiple aneurysms.
Like, in a world where one is bad,
he just has them and comes up and reports into us
from the edge of existence.
And he's a visual artist who had his visual memory wiped out
by some of these things and is retraining his brain to see things.
It's very cool. You should watch the podcast.
Listen to it.
That was for the three people who walked into the Vista tonight.
What's your movie, Martha?
They're like skeleton twins and weird.
Bill Hader is not in this at all.
Why am I plugging? I'm plugging Seek.
You know who Seek is.
Kristen Wiig looks different.
I've been trying to get...
I want to get Rob Schrab up here, but he just fucking left.
The only time he's dropping you at home right now...
Yeah. He reversed Schraub me.
He's probably getting popcorn or something.
Should we call that the Q&A?
Yes.
And then we'll do a little title sequence for a very short Harmontown.
Yeah, let's do it.
And then we can decide on editing videos.
Oh, look who walked back in.
All right, let's do it.
Thanks, Neil Berkeley, for directing that movie.
Thank you. I made the movie for you. Thank you.
No, don't do that.
When does the podcast start?
Motherfucker.
You motherfucker.
Schraub.
How did...
Is the universe helping you?
How did you know?
Is God on your side?
How did you know the timing that that's what we were talking about?
I had no idea.
You opened the door.
You ran in as he started saying we're going to start the podcast.
You come up to the microphone and you do a live Schraub.
The nose nose.
We're live Schraubing right now.
All right, I'm going to introduce you.
My Uber is like...
No, it's a $10 penalty.
Don't we want him on the podcast? It would be great.
You don't have to do this.
Go get your Uber driver. Bring him in here too.
Is that okay?
Yes.
Okay, I'll go get him.
All right, I'm going to do an intro.
I'll crouch down and...
All right, we'll just start from scratch.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I'm your guest comptroller, Kumail Nanjiani. Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Wow, thank you, Los Angeles. Thank you.
Boy, we had a Q&A.
Maybe you heard it. Maybe you didn't.
We're not sure what we're doing.
It's a city of lights, a city of magic, a city of industry.
This is where the splicing and the shooting and the production happens.
Sometimes you're present for the production of things.
Dreams are made here.
Yeah, they're manufactured here by the Katzenbergs and the Zemeckises,
and they're shuttled out through pneumatic tubes to the rest of the country
so that America can continue its dream of hegemony.
It's a culture war, and if you're listening, you've lost.
We're here in the Pentagon of that culture war.
The Vista Theater in Los Feliz,
where a lot of you saw your first movies when you came to LA.
I do love this theater.
A lot of people come in here and they go,
I saw Reservoir Dogs here.
Everyone has some kind of story about a movie theater.
I wonder what formative movie Spencer's eight years old.
He doesn't know what we're talking about.
I'm also on the podcast.
Oh, Spencer's here, yeah, yeah, sorry.
God damn it.
Well, yeah, the listeners won't know.
Well, I mean they will now, but...
We don't know what we're doing.
I know what I'm doing.
Tap dancing.
Holy shit, look at him go!
The carpet's too soft, you can't hear it.
Oh my god, wow!
Holy shit, he's so nimble.
It's impressive, I know.
Well, why is that helicopter coming in?
He's part of it.
Is that the helicopter?
Or is that you sucking noodles?
That's me eating noodles from the helicopter.
The helicopter's coming in with all kinds of shit.
Oh my god, look what is happening.
Rob, come here.
Okay.
Rob, Rob is here.
Rob's coming in with his Uber driver.
Come here.
Alright, so earlier Rob said he had to leave with his Uber.
This is RJ, RJ, RJ microphone.
RJ, have a seat please.
Question number one.
Have a seat.
Question, is this the weirdest Uber ride you've ever given?
Yes.
Great.
RJ.
So why couldn't wait?
He was going to take me home to feed my dog, so...
Your dog's fine.
So Rob was leaving and we convinced him to come back in and bring his Uber driver.
And that's you?
Yes.
So we have Uber questions.
Oh no.
Don't do that.
He's being nice enough.
Are you uncomfortable up here?
If you don't want to be up here, you can totally leave.
Can I go?
I'm sure he's used to being on stage in front of hundreds of people.
Yes.
Is it RJ the letters or is it spelled RJ?
Like R2D2.
Were you here for that?
No, I was here for that.
That's when I went, I got to get the fuck out of here.
Alright, let RJ answer.
It's spelled A-R-J-E-I.
A-R-G-J-E-I.
What nationality is that?
Filipino.
There's some Pinoy's in the house.
Canolis?
What did you call them?
That doesn't sound right.
Yeah, I'm really bad at racism, these fucking Pinoy's.
What did you say?
Pinoy, right?
It's a slang for Filipino.
Okay, I have Pinoy friends.
What?
Why did you call them?
You heard me.
That's a hard why you can't say it like that.
You just only read the novelization of races?
I'm doing all these callbacks to jokes that these guys did.
I'm sorry, RJ.
Don't worry about it.
RJ, you sound like a sexy news anchor,
in spite of being Filipino.
Are you second generation?
Are your parents from the Philippines?
Yes.
Okay, so is English your second language?
Yeah.
Okay, so when you speak to your parents,
what language do you speak?
A little bit of both.
What's the other one?
I'm trying to like...
I don't know what this is.
Tagalog?
What is it?
Tagalog.
Oh, Tagalog, T-A-G-A.
Yeah, that's how most Americans would say it.
What's the biggest movie star in your country?
What the fuck?
I have no idea.
Okay.
What's the biggest line?
It's a great answer.
What's that?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Star of...
Fighting.
Box.
He's a boxer.
He punches.
Okay.
Star of event.
All right.
Does he do commercials?
Does he sell things?
He does, yeah.
He sells stuff.
How come you're answering his question?
Hey, I know everything.
I can't help it.
It's true.
You missed that part.
Yeah.
There's a whole movie about it.
He sells...
What?
He sells what?
Punches.
Yeah.
True punches.
To face, to other people's jaw.
You can let him answer.
Yeah.
You can answer, Arjay.
He does his own thing.
Right.
He does.
Boxes.
He's good at it.
Okay, I had a question.
Who is the, uh, what...
What...
What neighboring community...
Filipinos when they do their jokes about like, oh, yeah, he's probably a so-and-so like Polish joke
Yeah, exactly. What's like what's the when when I was in Milwaukee. It was cut a hay
Like we would go. Oh, yeah, cut a hay. Fuck those people. It was just like a random thing
You go to Boston and it's just some suburb of Milwaukee. Okay. It's just like what is there a neighbor?
Is there a place and you you had the way you have Pakistan for Pakistan?
Patan's are the ones that we're like, oh, yeah, there's a put on in the audience in the Philippines. Is there a is there like a
Is there a
Group that people refer to as kind of like the I don't know the failures the assholes the skate goats jokes
People you make fun of second generation
No, but what history doesn't his parents probably mentioned something. No, this could go really bad
Very quickly. You really put me in a spot. He just said Muslims and then the whole theater just explodes
I'm we didn't even have a chance to explain
No, if you I mean if you pot if you don't know if the answer isn't immediate then that means that it's a well
I'm gonna ask you a question that it's the most obvious one, but like what are
The swear words you guys use like what do you guys say?
The most famous one. I know it's put on in it. What is it anybody blush? Can I guess?
Put that in a put that in what does it mean? Can I guess it's like yeah, okay?
Having sex with your sister and both everyone enjoys it
A tiny pussy that's a tiny pussy a huge a huge pussy a disreputable person. Yeah
This is a great game show we should get prizes. Yeah a dog's a belly that has eaten the
sperm of a child sorry
Sorry, I like that you followed up a sorry like your job was to be diplomatic in that moment
Sorry, I may have I think I fucked that one up
Yes, Philip
Profanity, but I think I fucked up. I think I'm like too specific
Dogs belly filled with a kid's sperm. That's great. You should be proud of yourself
Thank you. Thank you. We have a word to know to do for that. I really missed you
All right, what does that you know mean who's close your mom is a whore. Oh, that's bad. I wasn't close
That's bad. It's bad. Terrible. It's bad. No one wants to hear that
Except me. I never is it me. You're like I couldn't like when I was a kid. I didn't give a shit
Yeah, I was like that's what I'm saying your mom right your mom fucked a million dudes. Yeah, I guess I know I
Hope I'm telling everybody. Yeah, she seems pretty boring to me
What give us one more RJ?
One more. Okay, if that was can I can I if that one was like?
Okay, so like in English darn
Hell
shit
Fuck
Seaward, okay, that's the that that's my personal prison
There's probably motherfucker off the fuck. But yeah, that yeah, goddamn whatever. Okay, so you left out schmendrick
Where was that?
Schmendrick, I don't know. Okay. Okay, so if that would that that would what you just said received like, you know kind of like
Like a five. What's a ten?
Or what's that? What's a ten worst Filipino? Yeah, what one? Yeah, if you were the radio in the Philippines
And you were like a shock jock. What would just kill what would destroy your beans? I'm Toby the tube
Johnson and you're like your people are relying on you to be counterculture and subversive and yet the tube jobs then he said
like okay
Let me phrase it another way
when you're in English having a fight with your
Significant other there's certain words that when they're happy this like all right now
It's gonna take a little bit for us to get past this it's
For you game of thrones spoilers. Yeah game of thrones for like it would like the C word
You know you throw that out there. That's a big one now. You got a like backtrack and stuff
What's the one that if you're in a fight with a lady from the Philippines the word you say and it's like oh, no
I I fucked up
It's shit no pretty mild
Or just another one more intense
Allul
What is it?
What is it elegant? It's you lol allul. Yeah, what is up? No, no, no, let's guess play the game
That's definitely exactly what that is
Um, let's see like an overly circular dish
It's too circular
A flat clitoris
The biggest crime of all
I
Know what you are well, you know what you are I
Like the hand gesture
That is not true that is not true. You might as three-dimensional as it's bulbous
I better get a water bottle on the way home here, okay good. No, he's thinking. Yeah
You should get a water bottle. I should drive you home. This is an instant five stars at least you plug it in your thing
As we went to Santa Monica three times. Yeah
Obviously, we'll give you five stars both ways of course
Obviously, it's simply it's just it's simply just a woman's
Private parts. That's it. There's no nuance to it at all. No, it's shaking his head. Okay. It's not okay
It's a guy who was born from an asshole. Oh
That's probably the closest thing to it. Oh really? I'm on fire. I should have been a dollar over that
So what is it? What is it? No, it's just not really sure you but
It's just like
I think it's you really really really really really stupid
I got yeah, but it's but it's but it's that for you. That is closest to a guy born from an asshole
But it's a second you're an oath. You're a you're a you're an asshole. You're almost equivalent to that
But it's interesting in your in your parents language like that is
Like approaching the seaward like it's really like if you said that when you were a kid
Your mom would slap you and go don't say I actually got spanked for that
Yeah, cuz you said it your sister or something what what was the circumstance that made you say that in front of your mother
It wasn't my mom. Oh
Okay, man
Was she being a what you said? No, no, no, I just said it out of a unique expression. Oh, okay
It sounds kind of beautiful
It's not it's like there's no consumments. It sounds like music. Oh, there's
In Urdu, that's the language you see in Pakistan
Ulu is a
It means stupid and we called and I bet they're related because we're pretty close to each other geographically
Ulu means someone stupid, but it's also the word for owl which hero considered smart. I don't have a thing to combine those but
Aren't we all different in wonderful ways?
Well in here's something in America a fanny is your butt, but in England. It's your vagina. Yeah
Yep, and a friend of my wife's
Had this this stuff called fanny cream
It's supposed to tighten your fanny or whatever which
Supposed to be it's an American fanny, but her her British friends came over and said
How weird why do you have tightening?
Fanny cream and oh, it's just tightening your butt. That's normal. I get it now
Why would anyone want to teach me how much that's way more normal?
Yeah, why are they tightening? Oh, no, I heard the second hand. Don't ask for details, man
You're being a real old. Yeah
Admitted do you have you gone back RJ? Do you I mean not back?
But have you been have you visited the Philippines? No for 20 years
How old are you can ask you seem kind of young 33. Oh, okay, so you went when you were 13. You're my age
Don't laugh that quick. Don't laugh that quick. Are your parents here in the States here?
So you haven't been in the homeland for 20 years. He said pretty much
Do you like candles, I don't know
I don't know. I like how thoughtful we're like, what would NPR ask you? I
Had Filipino food once
And I
Went to Jollybee's a Filipino place, right, but I didn't go there really have you been there really?
No, it's kind of good. Isn't it? Well, this was it's fine. I went to a place and I got I was like
It wasn't Jollybee was just and I was like, oh, I'll get this and it was what it was was it was a purple soup with bones in it
And I didn't know what part to eat and what part to throw away
Monkey Prince
Exotic exotic food. Did you eat the did you eat the bones and throw out the soup?
Yeah, I'm a real old. Yeah
Yeah, you got purple. It was a purple liquid with bones in it. Do you know what that's called?
I don't know what you're talking about. You know what? I bet they were like fuck this guy. Yeah
So your whole family's over here now all in LA yeah, LA LA yeah, how long have you been ubering a
Month oh and how has it been? Is it fun? It's been fun
Well, how many podcasts have you done?
Let us see
Like when I tapped on the window and I said hey
Do you mind coming in for a second? There's a little show going in and I opened the door
There's all these people and I I remember you saying oh
This again
One of these hey
Yeah, I just dropped Marc Maron off at Andy Daley's house today. I guess this is my life
What I'm saying is you're being an incredibly amazing sport. Thank you so much. Thank you
RJ what's your favorite episode of community?
Do you and know who any of do you have any idea what's going on here? There's no shame in that
There's no shame in that you know a show called community and NBC
Mm-hmm. There's no shame in that you rack every here parts in rec
Brooklyn 99
What shows you the Seinfeld that's uplifting walking dead. Okay. Oh, it's a classic
Do you watch worth in black?
No
Well, you should I don't even know I haven't seen America all the writers won't shut up about it. I haven't seen orphan black
What's your what's been your worst uber experience other than this one?
Seriously, have you had like a bad one? What makes you give a guy a low rating? Yeah, yeah, we know you
Yeah, that's the question. Why do I have a 4.8? Why not five when I have only ever given all of you a five?
Why do I love 4.5? Yeah, all of you. It's not a race. They're uber drivers
It's not a race. Has there ever been a night where you were just like you need to get the fuck out
All right, let them just you need to get out. Let him answer you need to get it out
No, you need to get out. I like I'm staying you need to get out
Now no
No
My favorite part is that you're looking into the rear view mirror when you're doing that. Yeah, that is great object work
You need to get out. He gots to go. Um, have you got to kick anyone out?
I haven't had a bad experience yet. All right, what what's the lowest rate you give?
Passengers ratings. I have a 4.8. Why do you think I don't even know I have a 4.7 rating
I don't know why let's change that tonight. Do you do you give passengers fives like all the time?
Yeah, yeah, have you ever given not a five to anybody? No, no, yeah, never. I figure how do you feel that that like
undermines the whole concept of a star rating system because
If fives are the only one that anyone's choosing it's kind of like you're just choosing zeros
Well
All all businesses have this problem. It's a real issue where you have to give them one of the top businesses
That have this problem, you know, I'd say Apple Incorporated does a really good job with it
But you know for instance borders tried it for a while. You saw how that goes Barnes and Noble didn't as it happens
Well, Apple Apple's doing so good. How come you because they don't focus on only the 9s and 10s
That's what everyone does. They're like if it's a 9 or 10, it's fine
Otherwise, you're fired and that's not constructive because sometimes you only get a C and that's great
What are you supposed to do look at the
The fives and go like you look at the threes and you go like oh these guys what went wrong and then you fix it
me I'll be on the
But also like you you worked under that regime and now you work now you you left them you bailed
Uh-huh, I waved a dollar in your face
And you were like fuck this Apple business. Uh-huh Steve Jobs. Yeah, he used to work at Apple
I used to work at Apple works with Dan
Sorry
We're leaving RJ out. Sorry. Sorry RJ. Is this the worst of the best pockets episode? Okay. All right
But let's I just want to make sure we really really kick it into RJ. Do you believe in God?
Yes
What do you what do you think God is like do you think it's like do you think it was it would be something that you
Could see or do you is God personal to you or do you believe in a God that you think is like able to like
Do you do you think that God is the same from one person to the next or do you think God is personal to you?
You can take as long as you want for truthfully that's not supposed to be an instant answer. No, he gets paid by the
He can't take the as long as he wants
For this right is the meter running
Yes, the meter is running. I said I haven't started. Yeah, no, no, you're starting. It started. You'll do please
Like you can think as long as you want and then start the meter I
Guess it's personal to me. Yeah, like it's between you and the unknown
All right, that's the right answer. I can see
I'm sorry, you're right. I feel like people should understand that religion is like it's like a thing
It's like it's not it's not other people's business. It should have a small case are
But not to mean that it's not important. It's the most important thing in the world
It's like shoes or pants. You don't fucking wear pants that fit other people. No
You pick and shoes
Same with shoes. You don't wear shoes. We have been trained in our society to think that religion is somehow
the domain of idiots
fundamentalists people who
Decided things and if we think about religion we decide things about ourselves and we have to pick something
Like we don't we we sit and we talk about this TV shows good, but I only like this part
I like the Shakira song, but I only like the bridge and I actually think I like her influence on this and we we pick
And choose we mythologize our consumption about everything except for the most important thing in the world to primates since
Thunder clapped and lightning hit our monkey friend religion
Why do we die? Why does the universe not give a fuck about us?
It's like an important thing and we let me and we let it sit and we got like well my parents were Lutheran
So I guess don't give a fuck about that. It's religion. It's like one man's business between you and the unknown
God damn it. I'm great
I wish the wind is the world gonna catch up I
Think look at all these people here. No, they're all right
They're good people. Yeah, I just want to make this a good podcast
I'm gonna go beyond that. That was an easy shot
Has anyone in the room ever stolen anything? Oh
RJ has
Okay, let's start with RJ. Let's start with RJ. Are you are you are you willing to talk about it?
What do you stole something? What do you steal?
You don't have to talk. You're not gonna get caught. How many arches could there be running uber in Los Feliz?
Thanks, it's still money for my parents. Oh, that's fine. I did that too. Yeah
No one's gonna press charges just like out of their purses and wallets and stuff. No eat like mug. Yeah
To get what like son
What did you need so bad? I remember the one is all stickers and like just the most random shit
Like what did you need so bad that you would go into your parents room and like I was just mad at them
So I try to get back at them by stealing money. Well, you did what did you buy with a cigarette sir?
What food? Oh food revenge is what he bought
Now the revenge was free
Haha, who's who's got who's who who stole something that they think is genuinely
Yeah, what what I like is that this dude's raising his hand and the guy next to him is pointing at
He's like believe me. I've heard about this. He stole it for me. I know it was great
Would you would you come up and tell us about the thing you stole?
You didn't feel it from the gentleman, right? I
Stole a baby. It's for someone here. Oh shit. Okay. It's the guy next to me
He's like he's my life force
So I'm a huge community fan, I'm a huge community fan
And I was lucky enough to find myself with unsupervised access to what yeah to to the set one day and so
To take advantage of that or to show my thanks for that I took a community pendant off the wall
and at some point
further on at Channel 101 I had you sign it and and got it okayed with you that I had taken it
It's like a poster on the wall or it was a pendant. It's what's a pendant. It's like the triangle flag
Sorry, okay. All right. Yeah, and it has the old community logo with the flag draped without wings
That's cool. Yeah, pretty sure a prop guy was fired for losing
No, I would say I two years ago. I would be like you did what to my sacred temple
But then like like every I found out every season Sony just fucking shovels that shit into an incinerator
So we got to make room for the good wife for Shark Tank or whatever like they're like that's gonna cost eight dollars to store this
We don't let's get rid of these frogs some breros and shit that I would have I would have fucking taken
Everything everything what that's British shoe from the British shoe episode. I know we burnt that that was worth more as ash
We powered a train
Filled with Whitney Houston's greatest hits
After her death, we needed to get those to the record store really quickly
So we set fire to your set in the furnace on the Sony train
It's a you everything you did everything you dedicated your life to it's more valuable. It's steam
So good job getting that pendant out of there
I'm just glad I stole the Troy and Abed dolls from the Christmas episode
I'm scondid with those the other ones are melting into the second
sidewalk somewhere Sony train somewhere
Anybody else told something big crazy still stole something weird. There's a hand weighing back
Why don't we reward it is it an intense thing? Yeah, come on up
Can you can you can you do you want to come? We'll fill the time are you coming down here and talk about our new sponsor?
Where space where space hey, do you have a website?
No, but spaces do you like make your own website? What the fuck is that shit fuck circle money?
You're people making on the squares. What are the offering 500 what just come on?
I'll rate you if you have a podcast and square space comes to you. I will double their offer
No, I have a podcast if you don't mention square space
Double their offer and you advertise with them, right? I advertise space you just doubled your money
What do they give you $70 you just made $140 we'll talk about it. Yeah, we'll talk around space
I'm gonna make up a new product
I'm on board for it
You could just get the mic out of that. Yeah, there you go
Okay, first. Let me justify it by saying I was a lot younger and I was homeless
But I used to go
Oh, like about 19 18 we're all agreeing in advance to reward your candor because we asked you to tell us about something
You stole we're not we're not asking you to tell us about something. You're proud of like so if this is shameful
We we love it all the more
I used to go to bars with a fake ID and I'd steal women's purses and then take them to the bathroom and
Take their wallets out and take their money
That's a pretty real one. That's not a pennant off a wall
You were at a stage in your life when you were homeless and you were going to bar and so you were just this is how you were living
You were going to bars and you would just go, you know what would you would you I'm curious about this
Would you pick and choose who you would victimize? Would you go that that person deserves?
Everyone if you try to engage them in conversation like what do you how do you feel about black people?
Taking your wallet
All right, so you did there was a sense of karmic like justice in your head
Well, yes, there was that but but having decided that you were going to do that carnivorously you then also the human achievement is that
Whereas a fox would just eat a fucking baby good gazelle
Like it wouldn't go like oh that gazelle deserves this it's got a gazelle's racist like like when humans cannibalize each other
We still have this compulsion to go. Oh this person deserves it
You know like prisoners get so excited about pedophiles wait. You're a pedophile. I get to rape you
I'm so excited about rape now. I got a reason. Oh boy
Yeah, that's exactly right actually
What was your biggest haul? What was the most money you ever got out of a purse?
$500 did you ever get caught or get it get close to being caught?
Sounds like you're pretty thorough about a pretty profession
What awesome a lot of things, but that was probably the worst
I've stolen like from parties and
Like stores and stuff, but that was like the most personal
It seems like if you're you're you're willing to share this it seems like maybe you're like this was a transition in your life
You were I definitely I got my karma. I mean oh
What what happened for the podcast listeners? She's she's rolled down the aisle in a wheelchair
She's sharing this I didn't think to share this
What what do you mean you get sick? I got a rare illness called Ehlers-Danlos and
My joints dislocate as I try and walk
So now I have to use a wheelchair and you look back on it and think oh well
I was a bad person. I deserve this which you probably shouldn't
No, I don't not that much but if a karma if there is really karma, I mean that's that's nice of you
To take that responsibility to do that
I think that there's probably people in the room who
Who don't end up suffering misfortune who probably did a lot of shitty stuff much worth things
I mean, I don't know if it's helpful for you to like think that like random stuff can happen to you
Yeah, it doesn't have to have to do with whether or not you're a good or bad person
It's like that might that might that might not be helpful to you, but I mean, it's it's a
like
Like I have like a million questions for you. Like you you so you wait. Why were you homeless? Like what was there?
I was really rebellious and I
Ran away from home a lot when I was a teenager and where did you live if we can ask that we're in the country
California California
And my parents just cut the stick of it and they were showing me tough love and they weren't letting me come back
Right. How old were you at that point?
Yeah, I remember my brother like
Tangled with drugs and stuff is just smoking weed and stuff and my parents were like, ah, you need help like sometimes
Yeah, parents are trying to like they don't know how to be parents and they're like, ah, you get you're you're a fuck-up kid
Like I'm being a bad parent. So now you're gonna
I
Connected with them
Okay, oh, yeah, your parents live in California
What's a what is this condition? I don't I've never heard of it
It's a connective tissue disorder. It's hereditary. So like my collagen instead of it being like rubber bands
It's kind of like loose noodles
So like all my tendons and like my like everywhere, but it's not as stretchy
No, it's over over stretch. Well, it's just like it's wobbly. It's like wibbly wobbly. It's just gone
Like the there's stuff in your body that keeps it like if you were to go
It's over there and you pointed too hard your arm couldn't like fly out of your socket and
like if I lift like a carton of milk my wrist will dislocate and
And and you find out about this at what age? I was like 27, but I got like
five or six different wrong
diagnosis
I've been trying for seven years to get a diagnosis for it. So and when did you land on this diagnosis?
How recently was two years ago two years?
It's really it's it's not that rare, but people don't get diagnosed properly
So there's a lot of people who actually because what's happening at first when people go to the doctor?
What are that would not to inspire people as a new podcast to go? Oh my god? I have this which is what I will do
Yeah, well first it was just a
Joint pain and like dislocations and then like a bunch of other stuff started happening and how quickly was that?
Well, I think a lot of us are walking around with a lot of shitty stuff. We did I don't know not to beat a dead horse
But I definitely don't think that you should think that it had anything to do with
Anything that you've done. I don't think it's direct karma for what I did
Yeah
But also at the same time you're like, okay
I have a personal relationship with a with with something and you're like, yeah, you kind of balance to get out in your head
What's your name? Can we ask?
Yeah, okay, that's fine. Yeah, they're gonna be like it's someone else who has this disease
Used to go to bars. I think that might be Steve
I've already since there's not really anybody else that my friends would know that have this but yeah, my name's
Oh, okay. Well, thank you Krista for sharing. We really appreciate that. That's what I wanted. I wanted you you help me
You make my podcast amazing
That's all I care about
It's all I care about
I suck your humanity out of your bodies. That's all I care about
It's a good podcast now. I think this is how you get less than a five-star rating
Thank you, Krista, that was really touching. I was yeah, I hope the sound I hope the sound mixing works
Dustin are you gonna make sure that that yeah, does that sound good?
How would you know you had headphones on during the whole thing?
I really like that. I don't know. I like that
Yeah, I like that a lot my joke
No, not your joke. I don't like anything about you
Is it weird for you guys to see yourself on screen and talk about the period where you guys weren't talking?
No, not for me because I feel vindicated
Like the story is about like some thing published Sarah Silverman show like with what six episodes I
I
regret asking
Like obviously, you know, come on you measure a man by how many documentaries are made after him
So Hitler is the greatest man of all time. Yeah
And the Beatles
No, I I mean I like I when Schrab and I
I like when Sarah fired me I
Was probably like at that point
Not probably it was the word. It was like my worst nightmare scenario
I remember being so angry and I knew I had nowhere to put the anger. I had no
It didn't I would tell people like the people that I dated, you know
Who in whom I would confide it would be like I'm telling you this thing that is making me very upset
And I know that I don't have any right. I can't tell anyone about this
I can't tell anyone how angry I'm about this because I will sound like the most petty piece of shit in the world
And I can't I can't admit to myself that that I I wish Rob Schrab
less luck
Than he deserves I can't tell him I can't I can't express the fact that I wish
That the Sarah Silverman program would fail without me, you know
I have these petty golem-like thoughts
About my precious and I can't express them like and then that makes it worse and worse and it festers and all that stuff
And I so it was a year of because I couldn't express those things because I knew they were unhealthy
Like Rob and I didn't talk to each other for like a year at all and then this guy Mike Ash died
comedies
comedy channel 101 Mike Ash, he was an old timer who
Did a bunch of channel 101 stuff and he
He he died and it was at his memorial service Rob and I started to talk again. It was
It was I don't know whatever
I'm I'm I'm over it when I watch that stuff. I'm like, oh, that's cute
That's obviously I'm insane
so
RJ there was this movie that was playing earlier
Yeah, it was about these guys and it was a great it was a lot of fun
Can you talk to your friends and ask them way 4.8? I mean
I was gonna say something
No, okay. No, not you me. Yeah, you were gonna say something
Yes
Great
What
Well, I agree with Dan. Yeah, you know
Everything's okay now. I would yeah, I mean, yeah
Great. I mean, it's I mean like I
Wasn't
Proud I the one thing that I wish I would have said at the time while we were doing the interview is that I
Stayed I knew it was the right thing to do for me, but I was not
Proud of that decision at all like it was a decision that I really wish I didn't have to do
Yeah, I don't think anybody says I don't think he made the wrong decision because it's very hard to get
No, I would tell me that's the other thing I would tell people is like the crazy thing is if Rob hadn't stayed
It would be more of a mind fuck right because as I told Rob when Sarah fired me
I was like because Rob had already been riding my trail of tears. Is that a appropriate metaphor? What is that?
Rob had already been like on that journey with me a couple times and I was like look I get it like obviously
This is pathological for me. I don't expect you to to keep doing this
It what if Rob had quit out of loyalty? What if a silverman fired me from a basic cable comedy show and Rob had gone?
Well, you know
Friendship is friendship. Let's just do it. Then I would be fine. I I almost did I was really tempted to you know, but I I
Never I
Wanted to see if I could do it alone. I mean like when when you're a writing
Or any kind of partnership you're always like
Well, who's pulling the weight, you know, who's really the smart guy?
Who's really the the guy that's just hanging along and I wanted to see if I could even exist alone
I for the longest time didn't think I could do anything by myself
even the comic book so I
Said this is really a difficult decision, but I really think I need to to do this
Yeah, and yeah, I mean if you get fired in the midst of that, it's like holy shit
Yeah, like now I really have to ask that question
And answer it and it worked out fine. It was great for now. We're now we're both 53 and we don't yeah shit about anything
and
All right, well
We we we we we should
We should let you probably take off. I mean you've got a lot that you have your losing money being up here
Yeah, RJ. Oh, oh RJ. No RJ will be compensated. Yes, but we should we should put a ribbon on the show and
For these people these people are losing money. They have
They have shows to develop tomorrow
Like Wayne Wayne is like will he notice if I leave?
the the
Let's but usually we end the show. We're not gonna play Dungeons and Dragons
I mean, we I don't know how to do it because we're sitting in director's chairs. We don't have the equipment. I was being kidding. I
Was being kidding
But the show has an addiction to Dungeons and Dragons as a show closer
So I don't know how to close the show really usually at the show RJ
We played Dungeons and Dragons at the end gets it
Do you know if you don't like any chance to have a beatbox to you RJ because I can rap. Oh
You don't know he does no he does I could see it, you know
It seemed like if I do I suck at it
Oh, so I thought let's hear it. Let's hear your worst beatbox and I'll do mine
It's just so you don't feel bad. Like what if I what am I what have I started so you could drift it on the back?
I
Know you've got you stopped. Oh
Yeah, no, that was amazing. Everyone was like holy shit. Holy shit. I told you to do it
All right, now we fuck that up
That was great beatboxing because then if I could have just rhymed milk with silk, we could have been done
Suspensive, why don't you beatbox and then you run milk with silk? Oh, I can't beatbox. I was lying
Rob, can you beatbox? No, no, all right. Who's got the best beatbox here?
Oh, yeah
Elizabeth you can beatbox
She doesn't look like she wants to do you
Get up. You don't have to do it. You can
All right, yeah, use the use the Q&A mic. Let's let's let's audition you. Let's see how this goes
Yeah, so give me a give me a pretty slow tempo. I'm a bad improviser
Do a beatbox cover
Oh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah at the Vista Los Angeles
Population two or three can't handle this. I got my motherfuckers to the east and west
Documentary about me. It was the best got a narcissistic tendency. I'm gonna fuck your mama so hard. We'll wait and see
I'm gonna fuck her in the lobby with a piece of popcorn and a high-cea
Fruit fruit fruit fruit juice fruit juice with a straw and a box
Fuck your mama so hard fuck their panties and their socks pull their panties down to her ankle said yo, yo
You can't go source in your mouth. We're gonna fuck you in the north. Fuck you in the south
Yo, yo, Los Angeles. Yo, yo can't handle this four score and two years ago
Fuck your mama so hard. I don't know what to do. Yo, fuck you
Well, yo, I'm so excited about her beatboxing. I don't want to stop
Thanks for coming to that movie
RJ, holy shit
RJ, Rock Drop Spencer, Krista
for her
Communion with the audience. I hope you forgive yourself and do well
Everybody who was involved in the documentary. I don't know god damn it
What a great wonderful way to spend the premiere in LA. Thank you so much for everybody that helped Starburn Studios
future you and Camille and
Fuck off Spencer
Rob and Dan Harmon everyone
If I forgot you whatever
We'll see you in Toronto, and I'll see you when I get back